The **Medication Card document** provides a consolidated overview of all active (and, optionally, also non-active) medications for a patient at a given period in time (as requested by the [PHARM-1 FindMedicationCard](https://cara-ch.github.io/emed-service-guide/transactions/chpharm1/) request, see ). Please see [its description in the CH EMED IG](http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-emed/medication-card-document.html).

It can only be generated by the eMedication service via a ```PHARM-1 FindMedicationCard``` request and retrieved via an ITI-43 request, but cannot be published via an ITI-41 request.

### Profiles

* [Document PMLC](StructureDefinition-ch-emed-epr-document-medicationcard.html)
* [Composition PMLC](StructureDefinition-ch-emed-epr-composition-medicationcard.html)
* [MedicationStatement (PMLC)](StructureDefinition-ch-emed-epr-medicationstatement-card.html)
* [Medication](StructureDefinition-ch-emed-epr-medication.html)

### Example instances

### Specifications

This document contains consolidated MedicationStatements, meaning that all changes brought by PADV, PRE or DIS entries
are applied to it (e.g. dosage or product changes).

#### Authors

1. Last intervening author: represents the document author of the last entry (of any kind) in the treatment.
2. Last medical author: represents the author of the last entry (of type _MTP_, _PRE_, or any type of _PADV_ except _COMMENT_ that applies to an _MTP_ or _PRE_) in this treatment.

#### Generation rules

Unless otherwise specified bz the [PHARM-1 FindMedicationCard](https://cara-ch.github.io/emed-service-guide/transactions/chpharm1/) request parameters, the PMLC generation filters out non-active treatments by applying the following rules:

1. The MTP status shall be **active**.
2. The MTP dosage end date shall be *null* or in the future.
3. The same principle, points 1. and 2. are applied to prescriptions.

Treatments instances are then processed as follows:

1. If there are one or more prescriptions, then an item for each of these prescriptions is inserted in the medication card.
2. If there is no such prescription, an item is inserted in the medication card.

*An item is a MedicationStatement in the document and a line in the PDF.*
